local player = game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer
local bp = player.Backpack
local gun = bp["BERETTA M9A3"]
local config = gun.ConfigMods.CConfig
local module = require(config)
module.Ammo = math.huge
module.StoredAmmo = math.huge
module.MagCount = math.huge
module.gunRecoilMin = 0
module.gunRecoilMax = 0
module.AutoEnabled = true
module.SemiEnabled = true
module.BurstEnabled = true
module.ExposiveEnabled = true
module.ExplosiveAmmo = math.huge
module.LaserAttached = true
module.AimGunRecoilMin = 0
module.AimGunRecoilMax = 0
module.AimCamShakeMin = 0
module.AimCanShakeMin = 0
module.AimCamShakeMax = 0
module.CamShakeMin = 0
module.CanShakeMin = 0
module.CamShakeMax = 0
module.BulletSpread = 0
module.KickbackMin = 0
module.KickbackMax = 0
module.AimSideKickMin = 0
module.AimSideKickMax = 0
module.SideKickMin = 0
module.SideKickMax = 0
module.Firerate = math.huge
module.RPGEnabled = true
module.FireMode = 2