root@sofx1005puppet31018:~# cd /etc/puppetlabs/code/
root@sofx1005puppet31018:/etc/puppetlabs/code# git grep 'include init'
environments/production/manifests/backuppc.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/backuppc.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/behemoth.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/behemoth.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/firebat.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/firebat.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/hydra.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/hydra.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/inventory.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/inventory.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/itop.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/itop.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/monitoring.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/monitoring.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/muttley.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/muttley.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/pihole.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/pihole.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/proxmox-node-1.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/proxmox-node-1.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/proxmox-node-2.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/proxmox-node-2.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/puppet.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/puppet.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/reaver.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/reaver.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/rundeck.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/rundeck.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/scout.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/scout.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/sofx1002proj3023.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/sofx1002proj3023.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/sofx1013dckr309.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/sofx1013dckr309.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/sofx1014pbs33024.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/sofx1014pbs33024.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/manifests/zilly.home.lan.pp:  # include init
environments/production/manifests/zilly.home.lan.pp:  # include init::packages
environments/production/modules/init/manifests/init.pp:include init::agents
environments/production/modules/init/manifests/init.pp:include init::applications
root@sofx1005puppet31018:/etc/puppetlabs/code# head -n10 environments/production/modules/init/manifests/init.pp
# This is the main class. Used to include subclasses which will do differents things
# like application deployment, ntp configuration, authentication and so on.
class init {

# Setting up the authentication

    file {'/root/.ssh':
        ensure  => directory,
    }

root@sofx1005puppet31018:/etc/puppetlabs/code#
